user/v-danwesley/writer pass on "Edit files with Workspaces" (#2372)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/workspaces/index.md

> ---

Reviewer: I think this .md is trying to do too deep-nested and complex of page structure.  The PR's current outline is:
```
## Introduction
#### Limitations
#### Related feature: Overrides

## Set up the environment for the tutorial
#### Set up the demo
#### Prepare DevTools for file editing

## Edit and save source code files
#### Save a CSS change to disk
#### Save an HTML change to disk
###### Try changing the HTML from the Elements panel
###### Change HTML from the Sources tool
#### Save a JavaScript change to disk

## Next steps
```

Recommend forcing all headings to h2 (only h2 appears in "In this article" nav), and then demoting headings we want to hide such as near top of article.  Strongly favor h2's as much as possible.

Avoid pattern:
h2 abstract, low-value bucket
h4 high-value heading
h4 high-value heading

Re-express as a simple flat list of h2's, decorated with some low-importance h4's as needed for skimmability within each h2 section.

Author: makes sense

> title: Edit webpage files with a DevTools workspace

Reviewer: Consider 'using' instead of 'with' per corp style guide
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with
or some wording other than 'with'.  eg:
Edit webpage files by using a Workspace (Filesystem tab)

When changing a title, update the string in all of the usual spots:
toc
line 2 "title:"
h1
Link text of all links that point to here.

Author: will do

description: How to save webpage file changes made in DevTools to disk.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 12/29/2022

> ---

Author: @mikehoffms
This has been a monster. There's a couple of spots where I've made comments to you.

   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.  -->
# Edit webpage files with a DevTools workspace

This tutorial provides hands-on practice in setting up and using a workspace in DevTools. After you add files to a workspace changes that you make in your source code with DevTools are saved on your local computer. These changes are saved  after you refresh the webpage.

> Before starting this tutorial, you can refresh your knowledge of the technologies used by reading the following articles.

Reviewer: I would not say you should do something else before using this page.  This page should be usable immediately by everyone.  I'd get rid of "Before..."

```suggestion
To refresh your knowledge of the technologies used, see the following articles:
```

> * Use html, CSS, and JavaScript to build a web page. See [Getting started with the web](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to build a web page. See [Getting started with the web](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web)
```

* Use DevTools to make basic changes to CSS. See [Get started viewing and changing CSS](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/css/)

* Run a local HTTP web server. See: 

  * Using Node.js (used for this tutorial): [Set up a localhost server](/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/install#step-6-set-up-a-localhost-server)
  
  * Using Python: [Running a simple local HTTP server](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/set_up_a_local_testing_server#running_a_simple_local_http_server).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Introduction

> A DevTools workspace lets you save a change that you make to a local copy of the source code to the same file on   your computer. For this tutorial, you need to have  the following environment on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DevTools _workspace_ lets you save changes that you make to a local copy of the source code to the same file on your computer. For this tutorial, you need to have the following environment on your computer:
```

* You have the source code for the demo website on your desktop.

* You are running a local web server from the source code directory, so that the site is accessible at `localhost:8080`. Note: If you use the Python server option, the default port number is `8000`.

* You opened `localhost:8080` in Microsoft Edge, and you are using DevTools to change the website source code which includes the CSS, HTML, and JavaScript files. 

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
#### Limitations

> If you’re  using a modern framework, it probably transforms your source code from a format that’s easy to maintain into a format that’s optimized to run as quickly as possible.

Reviewer: straight quotes per Doc Contrib Guide
```suggestion
If you're  using a modern framework, it probably transforms your source code from a format that's easy to maintain into a format that's optimized to run as quickly as possible.
```

> A workspace is usually able to map the optimized code back to the original source code with the help of [source maps](https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/introduction-source-maps) for JavaScript and CSS. However, there’s a lot of variation in how each framework uses source maps. **Note:** Devtools doesn't support every framework variation and the workspace feature doesn’t work with the Create React App framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workspace is usually able to map the optimized code back to the original source code with the help of [source maps](https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/introduction-source-maps) for JavaScript and CSS. However, there’s a lot of variation in how each framework uses source maps.

 **Note:** DevTools doesn't support every framework variation, and the workspace feature doesn’t work with the Create React App framework.
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
#### Related feature: Overrides

**Overrides** is a DevTools feature that’s similar to a workspace. You can use an override when you want to experiment with changes to a webpage, and you need to display the changes across webpage loads, but you don't care about mapping your changes to the source code of the webpage. However, your changes aren’t saved when you refresh the webpage. 

The **Overrides** feature lets you store a local copy of the webpage files on the server. When you refresh the page, Microsoft Edge loads the local copy of files instead of the files on the server. To learn more about overrides, see [Override webpage resources with local copies (Overrides tab)](../javascript/overrides.md).

<!--Todo: add section when content is ready  -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

## Set up the environment for the tutorial

> First, we’ll set up the demo files and then set up DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll set up the demo files, and then set up DevTools.
```

#### Set up the demo

1. [Get the workspaces demo source code](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/workspaces).

1. Create a `app` directory on your desktop.  Save copies of the `index.html`, `styles.css`, and `script.js` files from the demo source code to the `app` directory.  For the rest of the tutorial, this directory is referred to as `~/Desktop/app`. <!-- Michael: I don't know the rationale behind using the ~/Desktop/app construct.   --> 

1. Install Node.js and npm. For more information, see [Install Node.js and Node Package Manager (npm)](/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/install#step-4-install-nodejs-and-node-package-manager-npm)

1. Start a local web server in `~/Desktop/app`. Go to the `app` folder and then run one of the following commands from the command prompt to start up the web server.<br>
Node.js option:
   ```bash
   # Node.js option
   cd ~/Desktop/app
   npx http-server # Node.js
   ```
  
   ``` bash
   # Python option 1
   cd ~/Desktop/app
   python -m SimpleHTTPServer # Python 2
   ```
  
   ``` bash
   # Python option 2
   cd ~/Desktop/app
   python -m http.server # Python 3
   ```

> 1. Open a tab in Microsoft Edge and go to the locally hosted version of the site. You should be able to access it using these URLs:  `localhost:8080` or `http://0.0.0.0:8080`. **Note:** The default port number for the Python sever option is `8000`. The exact [port number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_(computer_networking)#Use_in_URLs) might be different. <!-- Michael: I'm not sure what our policy is for linking out to Wikipedia. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a tab in Microsoft Edge and go to the locally hosted version of the site. You should be able to access it using these URLs:  `localhost:8080` or `http://0.0.0.0:8080`. **Note:** The default port number for the Python server option is `8000`. The exact [port number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_(computer_networking)#Use_in_URLs) might be different. <!-- Michael: I'm not sure what our policy is for linking out to Wikipedia. -->
```

> 

Reviewer: repo has 19 hits on: wikipedia.org

   ![The DevTools Workspaces Demo](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo.msft.png)

#### Prepare DevTools for file editing

1. Press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`J` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`J` (macOS) to open the **Console** panel of DevTools.

   ![The Console panel.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-console.msft.png)

1. Click the **Sources** tab.

1. In the **Navigator** pane (on the left), click the **Filesystem** tab.

   ![The Filesystem tab.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-filesystem.msft.png)

1. Click **Add Folder To Workspace**.

> 1. When File Explorer opens, type `~/Desktop/app` in the **Folder:** prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When File Explorer opens, type the path (such as `~/Desktop/app`) in the **Folder:** prompt.
```
I haven't tested this UI on Win & Mac

1. Click **Allow** to give DevTools permission to read and write to the directory.

In the **Filesystem** tab, a green dot now appears next to the `index.html`, `script.js`, and `styles.css` files.  A green dot indicates that DevTools has established a mapping between a network resource of the page, and the file in `~/Desktop/app`.

![The Filesystem tab now indicates a mapping between the local files and the network ones.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-filesystem-folder.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edit and save source code files

#### Save a CSS change to disk

The following steps show how to make a change in the CSS file and save it to disk.

1. Open `styles.css`.  The `color` property of the `h1` element is set to `fuchsia`.

   ![View styles.css in a text editor.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-filesystem-css.msft.png)

1. Select the **Elements** tool.

>    The CSS rules that are applied to the `<h1>` element are shown in the **Styles** pane.  The page indicator next to `styles.css:1` means that any change that you make are mapped to `~/Desktop/app/styles.css`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The CSS rules that are applied to the `<h1>` element are shown in the **Styles** pane.  The page indicator next to `styles.css:1` means that any changes that you make are mapped to `~/Desktop/app/styles.css`.
```

   ![The indicator that the file is linked.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-css.msft.png)

1. Change the value of the `color` property of the `<h1>` element to your favorite color.  To do this, select the `<h1>` element in the **DOM Tree**. Select `fucshia`, type the new color, and then select it from the color list shown in the next screenshot.

   ![Change the color property in styles.css.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-css-pick-color.msft.png)

1. Open `styles.css` in a text editor.  The `color` property is now set to the new color, which is orange in this example.

1. Refresh the page.

> The color of the `<h1>` element is still set to the new color.  The change remains across a refresh, because when you made the change DevTools saved the change to disk. When you refreshed the page, your local server served the modified copy of the file from disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The color of the `<h1>` element is still set to the new color.  The change remains across a refresh, because when you made the change, DevTools saved the change to disk. When you refreshed the page, your local server served the modified copy of the file from disk.
```

> > [!TIP]
> > You can also change the color by clicking the fucshia-colored swatch to open the color picker to pick a new color. The HEX value for the color you pick is the color name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** You can also change the color by clicking the fucshia-colored swatch to open the color picker to pick a new color. The HEX value for the color you pick is the color name.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/markdown-reference#alerts-note-tip-important-caution-warning
People don't read nonstandard formatted sections, so we've had success using body text like this pattern.  If needed, add h4 or h6 heading.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
#### Save an HTML change to disk

You can change HTML tagging using the **Elements** tool, but if you want to save your edits you need to use the **Sources** tool.

<!---  Michael: following section was commented out in first version of doc. I uncommented it.  --->
###### Try changing the HTML from the Elements panel

You can make changes to the HTML content using the **Elements** tool, but your changes to the DOM tree aren't saved to disk, and only affect the current browser session.

> [!WARNING]
> The workflow that you are about to try doesn't work. You are trying it now so that you don't waste time later trying to figure out why it isn't working.

1. Select the **Elements** tool.

1. Select and edit the text content of the `h1` element, which says `Workspaces Demo`, and replace it with `I Love Cake`.

>    ![Attempt to change html from the DOM Tree of the Elements panel.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-page-h1.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Attempting to change HTML from the DOM tree in the Elements tool](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-page-h1.msft.png)
```

>    limitations under the License.  -->

Reviewer: Line 18, Column 3: [Warning: bookmark-not-found] Cannot find bookmark '
#step-4-save-a-javascript-change-to-disk
in 'devtools-guide-chromium/workspaces/index.md'.
Change to:
#edit-javascript-and-save-changes-to-the-source-file

obtained from a commit-specific rendered view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/4f63ef9569387f34c5d8aae8f74c066abc74d067/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/workspaces/index.md#edit-javascript-and-save-changes-to-the-source-file

Author: made fix

The **Overrides** feature lets you store a local copy of the webpage files on the server. When you refresh the page, Microsoft Edge loads the local copy of files instead of the files on the server. To learn more about overrides, see [Override webpage resources with local copies (Overrides tab)](../javascript/overrides.md).

<!--Todo: add section when content is ready  -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

## Create the directory of source files

We'll set up the demo files, and then set up DevTools.

1. In another window or tab, go to the [Workspaces demo source code](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/workspaces).

1. Create an `app` directory on your desktop.  Save copies of the `index.html`, `styles.css`, and `script.js` files from the demo source code to the `app` directory.  For the rest of the tutorial, this directory is referred to as `~/Desktop/app`, though you can use a different path.

> 1. Install Node.js and npm. For more information, see [Install Node.js and Node Package Manager (npm)](/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/install#edit-javascript-and-save-changes-to-the-source-file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Node.js and npm. For more information, see [Install Node.js and Node Package Manager (npm)](/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/install)
```
Is this the intended link?

   limitations under the License.  -->
# Edit files with Workspaces (Filesystem tab)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use the **Filesystem** tab in the **Sources** tool to define a workspace, to save DevTools changes in your source code files rather than only in a transient copy of the files that are returned by the web server.

```

> This tutorial provides hands-on practice in setting up and using a workspace in DevTools. After you add files to a workspace changes that you make in your source code with DevTools are saved on your local computer. These changes are saved  after you refresh the webpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial provides hands-on practice in setting up and using a workspace in DevTools. After you add files to a workspace, changes that you make in your source code by using DevTools are saved on your local computer. These changes are preserved across page refreshes.
```

To refresh your knowledge of the technologies used, see the following articles:

* Use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to build a web page. See [Getting started with the web](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web)

* Use DevTools to make basic changes to CSS. See [Get started viewing and changing CSS](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/css/)

* Run a local HTTP web server. See: 

>   * Using Node.js (used for this tutorial): [Set up a localhost server](/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/install#step-6-set-up-a-localhost-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Using Node.js (used for this tutorial): [Set up a localhost server](/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/install#step-6-set-up-a-localhost-server) in _Installing the DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code_.
```
for my own clarity for maintainability

>   * Using Python: [Running a simple local HTTP server](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/set_up_a_local_testing_server#running_a_simple_local_http_server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Using Python: [Running a simple local HTTP server](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/set_up_a_local_testing_server#running_a_simple_local_http_server) in _How do you set up a local testing server?_
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Introduction

> A DevTools _workspace_ lets you save changes that you make to a local copy of the source code to the same file on your computer. For this tutorial, you need to have the following environment on your computer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DevTools _workspace_ lets you save changes that you make to a local copy of the source code to the same file on your computer, so that changes are retained across refreshes of the page. Here's a typical scenario for using a workspace:
```

* You have the source code for the demo website on your desktop.

* You are running a local web server from the source code directory, so that the site is accessible at `localhost:8080`. Note: If you use the Python server option, the default port number is `8000`.

* You opened `localhost:8080` in Microsoft Edge, and you are using DevTools to change the website source code which includes the CSS, HTML, and JavaScript files. 

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
#### Limitations

If you're  using a modern framework, it probably transforms your source code from a format that's easy to maintain into a format that's optimized to run as quickly as possible.
A workspace is usually able to map the optimized code back to the original source code with the help of [source maps](https://blog.teamtreehouse.com/introduction-source-maps) for JavaScript and CSS. However, there's a lot of variation in how each framework uses source maps.

**Note:** DevTools doesn't support every framework variation, and the workspace feature doesn't work with the Create React App framework.

> If you run into issues while using workspaces with your framework of choice, or you can't get it working after a custom configuration, [start a thread in the mailing list](https://groups.alphabet.com/forum/#!forum/alphabet-browser-developer-tools) or [ask a question on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=alphabet-browser-devtools) to exchange information with the rest of the DevTools community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into issues while using workspaces with your framework of choice, or you identify framework-specific steps that are needed, [start a thread in the mailing list](https://groups.alphabet.com/forum/#!forum/alphabet-browser-developer-tools) or [ask a question on Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/ask?tags=alphabet-browser-devtools) to exchange information with the rest of the DevTools community.
```
restoring orig meaning

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
#### Related feature: Overrides

**Overrides** is a DevTools feature that’s similar to a workspace. You can use an override when you want to experiment with changes to a webpage, and you need to display the changes across webpage loads, but you don't care about mapping your changes to the source code of the webpage. However, your changes aren’t saved when you refresh the webpage. 

The **Overrides** feature lets you store a local copy of the webpage files on the server. When you refresh the page, Microsoft Edge loads the local copy of files instead of the files on the server. To learn more about overrides, see [Override webpage resources with local copies (Overrides tab)](../javascript/overrides.md).

<!--Todo: add section when content is ready  -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Set up the environment for the tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up the demo
```

We'll set up the demo files, and then set up DevTools.

> #### Set up the demo
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
flatten/simplify heading structure, strongly prefer h2

> 1. [Get the workspaces demo source code](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/workspaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In another window or tab, go to the [Workspaces demo source code](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/workspaces).
```

> 1. Create a `app` directory on your desktop.  Save copies of the `index.html`, `styles.css`, and `script.js` files from the demo source code to the `app` directory.  For the rest of the tutorial, this directory is referred to as `~/Desktop/app`. <!-- Michael: I don't know the rationale behind using the ~/Desktop/app construct.   --> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an `app` directory on your desktop.  Save copies of the `index.html`, `styles.css`, and `script.js` files from the demo source code to the `app` directory.  For the rest of the tutorial, this directory is referred to as `~/Desktop/app`, though you can use a different path.
```
When I doc'd Workspaces in another article, I set up `~/Desktop/app` and had success.

1. Install Node.js and npm. For more information, see [Install Node.js and Node Package Manager (npm)](/microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension/install#step-4-install-nodejs-and-node-package-manager-npm)

1. Start a local web server in `~/Desktop/app`. Go to the `app` folder and then run one of the following commands from the command prompt to start up the web server.<br>
Node.js option:

   ```bash
   # Node.js option
   cd ~/Desktop/app
   npx http-server # Node.js
   ```
  
   ``` bash
   # Python option 1
   cd ~/Desktop/app
   python -m SimpleHTTPServer # Python 2
   ```
  
   ``` bash
   # Python option 2
   cd ~/Desktop/app
   python -m http.server # Python 3
   ```

1. Open a tab in Microsoft Edge and go to the locally hosted version of the site. You should be able to access it using these URLs:  `localhost:8080` or `http://0.0.0.0:8080`. **Note:** The default port number for the Python server option is `8000`. The exact [port number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_(computer_networking)#Use_in_URLs) might be different.

   ![The DevTools Workspaces Demo](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo.msft.png)

> #### Prepare DevTools for file editing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Define a workspace in DevTools
```
flatted h2 outline to list the major steps in "In this article" nav

> 1. Press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`J` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`J` (macOS) to open the **Console** panel of DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`J` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`J` (macOS) to open the **Console** of DevTools.
```

>    ![The Console panel.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-console.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The DevTools Console](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-console.msft.png)
```

1. Click the **Sources** tab.

1. In the **Navigator** pane (on the left), click the **Filesystem** tab.

   ![The Filesystem tab.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-filesystem.msft.png)

1. Click **Add Folder To Workspace**.

1. When File Explorer opens, type the path (such as `~/Desktop/app`) in the **Folder:** prompt.

1. Click **Allow** to give DevTools permission to read and write to the directory.

In the **Filesystem** tab, a green dot now appears next to the `index.html`, `script.js`, and `styles.css` files.  A green dot indicates that DevTools has established a mapping between a network resource of the page, and the file in `~/Desktop/app`.

> ![The Filesystem tab now indicates a mapping between the local files and the network ones.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-filesystem-folder.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The Filesystem tab has a green dot indicating a mapping between a resource received from the server and a local source file](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-filesystem-folder.msft.png)
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Edit and save source code files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit CSS and save changes to the source file
```

> 
> #### Save a CSS change to disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
flattening/simplifying heading outline

The following steps show how to make a change in the CSS file and save it to disk.

1. Open `styles.css`.  The `color` property of the `h1` element is set to `fuchsia`.

   ![View styles.css in a text editor.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-filesystem-css.msft.png)

1. Select the **Elements** tool.

>    The CSS rules that are applied to the `<h1>` element are shown in the **Styles** pane.  The page indicator next to `styles.css:1` means that any changes that you make are mapped to `~/Desktop/app/styles.css`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The CSS rules that are applied to the `<h1>` element are shown in the **Styles** pane.  The indicator next to `styles.css:1` is a page icon with a green dot and two-way arrows.  This indicator means that any changes that you make are mapped to `~/Desktop/app/styles.css`.
```

>    ![The indicator that the file is linked.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-css.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The indicator that the file is linked](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-css.msft.png)
```
What is the indicator, what does it look like?
rendered page: pending

> 1. Change the value of the `color` property of the `<h1>` element to your favorite color.  To do this, select the `<h1>` element in the **DOM Tree**. Select `fucshia`, type the new color, and then select it from the color list shown in the next screenshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the value of the `color` property of the `<h1>` element to your favorite color.  To do this, select the `<h1>` element in the **DOM Tree**. Select `fucshia`, type the new color, and then select it from the color list:
```

>    ![Change the color property in styles.css.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-css-pick-color.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Change the color property in styles.css](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-css-pick-color.msft.png)
```

1. Open `styles.css` in a text editor.  The `color` property is now set to the new color, which is orange in this example.

1. Refresh the page.

The color of the `<h1>` element is still set to the new color.  The change remains across a refresh, because when you made the change, DevTools saved the change to disk. When you refreshed the page, your local server served the modified copy of the file from disk.

**Tip:** You can also change the color by clicking the fucshia-colored swatch to open the color picker to pick a new color. The HEX value for the color you pick is the color name.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> #### Save an HTML change to disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Save an HTML change to disk
```
flatten/simplify heading outline and make main steps appear in "In this article" nav

> You can change HTML tagging using the **Elements** tool, but if you want to save your edits you need to use the **Sources** tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Elements** tool, it's possible to change HTML tagging in a copy of the file that's returned by the server.  However, to save your edits to a local source file, you need to use the **Sources** tool instead of the **Elements** tool.
```

> <!---  Michael: following section was commented out in first version of doc. I uncommented it.  --->
> ###### Try changing the HTML from the Elements panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Try changing the HTML from the Elements panel
```

You can make changes to the HTML content using the **Elements** tool, but your changes to the DOM tree aren't saved to disk, and only affect the current browser session.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Most alerts are deprecated per Docs Contrib Guide.  Non-normal formatting causes them to be not read, and essentially excluded from the body of the article.

> > The workflow that you are about to try doesn't work. You are trying it now so that you don't waste time later trying to figure out why it isn't working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following workflow demonstrates that edits aren't preserved across page refreshes, if you don't use a workspace.  We'll demonstrate this now so that you don't spend time later trying to figure out why it isn't working.
```

In short, the **DOM Tree** `!==` HTML.
-->

###### Change HTML from the Sources tool

If you want to save a change to the webpage HTML, use the **Sources** tool.

1. Click the **Sources** tab.

> 1. In the **Navigator** pane click the **Page** tab beside **Filesystem**. If the **Page** tab isn't showing, click `>>` (More tabs) and then select **Page**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Navigator** pane, click the **Page** tab beside **Filesystem**. If the **Page** tab isn't showing, click `>>` (More tabs) and then select **Page**.
```

1. Type `quick` at the **Run** prompt, and then select **Show Quick source**.  At the bottom of the DevTools window, the **Quick source** tool appears, displaying the contents of `index.html`, which is the last file you edited in the **Sources** tool.

   ![Open the 'Quick source' tool by using the Command Menu.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-search-show-quick-source.msft.png)

1. Press `Ctrl`+`P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`P` (macOS) to open the **Open File** dialog, shown in the next screenshot.

1. Type `script` at the **Open** prompt, then select **app/script.js**.

   ![Open script.js using the Open File dialog.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-search-script.msft.png)

   > [!NOTE]
   > The `Save Changes To Disk With Workspaces` link in the demo is styled regularly.

1. Use the **Quick source** tool to add the following code to the bottom of **script.js**.

    ```javascript
    document.querySelector('a').style = 'font-style:italic';
    ```

1. Press `Ctrl`+`S` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`S` (macOS) to save the change.

1. Refresh the page.  The link on the page is now italicized.

>    ![The link on the page is now italicized.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-quick-source-script.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The link on the page is now italicized](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-elements-styles-quick-source-script.msft.png)
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Next steps

> Use what you’ve  learned in this tutorial to set up and use DevTools workspaces in your own project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use what you've  learned in this tutorial to set up and use DevTools workspaces in your own project.
```

Reviewer: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/docs-authoring/smart-quote-replacement
One technique is, if you have tools set up some way:
Select all, in .md in VS Code.
Cut.
Paste.
Save.
Check diff in GitHub Desktop to see where quotes were straightened.

Author: It's a matter of checking my copy and paste from preliminary work in my word doc, I'll be more rigorous going forward.

In short, the **DOM Tree** `!==` HTML.
-->

> ###### Change HTML from the Sources tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Changing HTML from the Sources tool saves changes
```

> If you want to save a change to the webpage HTML, use the **Sources** tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to save a change to the webpage HTML, use the **Sources** tool with a workspace defined, rather than using the **Elements** tool.
```

1. Click the **Sources** tab.

1. In the **Navigator** pane, click the **Page** tab beside **Filesystem**. If the **Page** tab isn't showing, click `>>` (More tabs) and then select **Page**.

1. Click **(index)**.  The HTML for the page opens.

1. Replace `<h1>Workspaces Demo</h1>` with `<h1>I Love Cake</h1>`.  The demo title changes.

1. Press `Ctrl`+`S` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`S` (macOS) to save the change.

1. Refresh the page.  The `<h1>` element continues to display the new text after the page is refreshed.

   ![Change HTML from the Sources tool.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-sources-page-h1.msft.png)

1. Open `~/Desktop/app/index.html` in a text editor.  The `<h1>` element contains the new text.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> #### Save a JavaScript change to disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Save a JavaScript change to disk
```
Seems like a major step, d/k why demoting to h4 which makes it vanish from "In this article" nav in upper right.

Definitely some minor headings at top need demoting to h4, but this is a major section step.

> The main place to use the code editor of DevTools is the **Sources** tool.  But sometimes you need to access other tools, such as the **Elements** tool or the **Console** panel, while editing files.  The **Quick source** tool gives you just the editor from the **Sources** tool, while any tool is open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main place to use the code editor of DevTools is the **Sources** tool.  But sometimes you need to access other tools, such as the **Elements** tool or the **Console**, while editing files.  The **Quick source** tool gives you just the editor from the **Sources** tool, while any tool is open.
```

To open the DevTools code editor alongside other tools:

1. Select the **Elements** tool.

1. Press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Shift`+`P` (macOS) to open the **Command Menu**.

1. Type `quick` at the **Run** prompt, and then select **Show Quick source**.  At the bottom of the DevTools window, the **Quick source** tool appears, displaying the contents of `index.html`, which is the last file you edited in the **Sources** tool.

   ![Open the 'Quick source' tool by using the Command Menu.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-search-show-quick-source.msft.png)

1. Press `Ctrl`+`P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`P` (macOS) to open the **Open File** dialog, shown in the next screenshot.

1. Type `script` at the **Open** prompt, then select **app/script.js**.

>    ![Open script.js using the Open File dialog.](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-search-script.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Opening script.js using the Open File dialog](../media/workspaces-workspaces-demo-search-script.msft.png)
```
d/k what dialog title for Linux, Windows, & Mac.  alt text requirement is pretty easy to meet, literally describe the particular screenshot.

>    > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    > The `Save Changes To Disk With Workspaces` link in the demo is styled regularly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The **Edit files with Workspaces** link in the demo is styled regularly.
```
Most alerts are deprecated:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/markdown-reference#alerts-note-tip-important-caution-warning

One option used in this repo is:
**Note:** blah blah

> 1. Use the **Quick source** tool to add the following code to the bottom of **script.js**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the **Quick source** tool to add the following code to the bottom of **script.js**:
```
I like to use colon when possible to glue flow.
